Fix signer service recommended configuration (#1419)
input-output-hk/mithril: docs/website/blog/2024-01-03-signer-service-recommended-configuration-updated.md

---
title: Mithril signer node service recommended configuration is updated
authors:
- name: Mithril Team
tags: [spo, mithril signer, production]
---

### The Mithril signer node service recommended configuration is updated

**PR**: `Fix signer service recommended configuration` [#1419](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/pull/1419)

**Issue**: `Fix signer node service setup` [#1404](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/issues/1404)

> The recommended configuration proposed a service restart frequency that was too high. This could lead to errors when attempting to restart the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous recommended configuration proposed a service restart frequency which was too high. When the service was restarted, and if the Cardano node was not ready yet, the service tried to restart too many times in a short period: thus the service just failed and the service had to be started manually after the Cardano node is up and ready. This lead to some SPOs skipping registrations for some epochs.
```

> The duration before restarting the service is increased to 60s: `RestartSec=60`.

Reviewer: Can you add the full service configuration below?

> We highly recommend to update your existing configuration file (/etc/systemd/system/mithril-signer.service) with the values specified in the [guide](https://mithril.network/doc/manual/getting-started/run-signer-node)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We highly recommend to update your existing configuration file (`/etc/systemd/system/mithril-signer.service`) with the values specified in the [guide](https://mithril.network/doc/next/manual/getting-started/run-signer-node/#installing-the-service)
```
